README.md, before:

# request-retry-stream 

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/request-retry-stream.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/request-retry-stream) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream) [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream.svg)](https://david-dm.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream) [![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream#info=devDependencies) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/debitoor/request-retry-stream/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/debitoor/request-retry-stream?branch=master)


Request wrapper with retries, supports streaming. 

Non-2XX http statusCodes are returned as errors with
the information needed for debugging.

	npm install request-retry-stream

## Simple callback usage

```javascript
var rrs = require('request-retry-stream');
rrs.get('http://google.com', function(err, resp){
	// handle err and resp. Any response that does not have http status code 2XX is an error here
});

```

## Simple stream usage in express middleware with pump

```javascript
var rrs = require('request-retry-stream');
var pump = require('pump');

function(req, res, next){
	pump(rrs.get('http://google.com', {timeout: 5000}), res, next);
}
```

## Usage in express middleware with pump

```javascript
var rrs = require('request-retry-stream');
var pump = require('pump');

function(req, res, next){
	var stream = rrs.get({
			url: 'http://google.com',
			attempts: 3, //default
			delay: 500, //default
			timeout: 2000,
			logFunction: console.warn // optional, if you want to be notified about retry
		});	
	pump(stream, res, next);
}

```


## License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

add experimental support for POST with retry, only supports callbacks for now. Not streaming

README.md, after:

# request-retry-stream 

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/request-retry-stream.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/request-retry-stream) [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream) [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream.svg)](https://david-dm.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream) [![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/debitoor/request-retry-stream#info=devDependencies) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/debitoor/request-retry-stream/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/debitoor/request-retry-stream?branch=master)


Request wrapper with retries, supports streaming.

NOTE: only GET http requests are supported

There is experimental support for POST retrying using callbacks but not streaming (be careful with retrying POST, it's not idempotent)

Non-2XX http statusCodes are returned as errors with
the information needed for debugging.

	npm install request-retry-stream

## Simple callback usage

```javascript
var rrs = require('request-retry-stream');
rrs.get('http://google.com', function(err, resp){
	// handle err and resp. Any response that does not have http status code 2XX is an error here
});

```

## Simple stream usage in express middleware with pump

```javascript
var rrs = require('request-retry-stream');
var pump = require('pump');

function(req, res, next){
	pump(rrs.get('http://google.com', {timeout: 5000}), res, next);
}
```

## Usage in express middleware with pump

```javascript
var rrs = require('request-retry-stream');
var pump = require('pump');

function(req, res, next){
	var stream = rrs.get({
			url: 'http://google.com',
			attempts: 3, //default
			delay: 500, //default
			timeout: 2000,
			logFunction: console.warn // optional, if you want to be notified about retry
		});	
	pump(stream, res, next);
}

```


## License

[MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
